here we're looking for the greatest
common factor between two numbers seven
and twenty five will do this without
calculation by starting with a rectangle
that is something by 25 the first thing
we'll do is draw a largest square we can
inside this rectangle starting in any
corner in this case a seven by seven
squared we're left over with this
rectangle that's 18 by seven the largest
where we can fit in there is also a set
of my seven square and we're left over
with another rectangle 7 by 11 in there
the largest square we can fit is also a
seven by seven now we're left with a
rectangle it's for by sudden inside
their largest square we can fit starting
at a corner is a 4 by 4 square and we're
left over with this rectangle 4 by 3 the
largest square we can fit there is a 3
by 3 squared and we're left over with
this rectangle a 1 by 3 the largest
square we can fit is a 1 by 1 square and
again we can make another one by one
square and what we're left with is a
square meaning we found our factor the
only factor that exists in common
between 7 and 25 is one
you